Convert decimal points to degrees, minutes and seconds (#27)
skyvar/registration: coordinate-conversion/README.md

# Coodinate - conversion

> this JavaScript function that called convertFromDDToDms converts decimal degrees to degrees-minutes-seconds in the format "dd degrees mm minutes ss seconds". 
> ## Installation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This JavaScript function that called convertFromDDToDms converts decimal degrees to degrees-minutes-seconds in the format "dd degrees mm minutes ss seconds".

## Installation
```

To use convertFromDDToDms, you need to have a JavaScript environment installed, such as Node.js.
1. Clone this repository to your local machine.
2. Open the terminal or command prompt and navigate to the project directory.

> 3. Install any dependencies by running the command npm install.
> ## Usage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Install any dependencies by running the command `npm install`.

## Usage
```

> # Coodinate - conversion
> function called convertFromDDToDms converts decimal degrees to degrees-minutes-seconds
> And also shows in which position the degree is located on the globe
> ## Installation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Coordinate Conversion
A function called `convertFromDDToDms` converts decimal degrees to degrees-minutes-seconds.
Also shows in which position the degree is located on the globe.

## Installation
```

Author: what do you do?
You deleted everything?

Reviewer: > what do you do? You deleted everything?

I removed a folder with the suffix *עותק*.

Reviewer: Either way, you should never be making backup folders or files. Just utilize `git`'s capabilities to store and stash history.
